README.md, before:

sfmc-postman
============

The files in this repository are meant to be leveraged with the Google Chrome application Postman. Postman can be installed from here: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/postman-rest-client/fdmmgilgnpjigdojojpjoooidkmcomcm?hl=en

The current files are the following:

SFMC.json.postman_collection: This file needs to be imported into Postman. It builds the actual REST calls to the SFMC API.

globals.postman_globals: This file needs to be imported into Postman. It contains all of the global environment variables needed to setup API calls. You should add variables in here that apply to all sub-environments/profiles. 

useraccount.postman_environment: This file needs to be imported into Postman. It contains environment variables specific to the application you have setup in the Code@ site. Things like clientId, clientSecrect, etc. need to be completed in this file before it is imported into Postman, or if you do not, you will need to use the Postman UI to alter all of the value placeholders.

Commit message:

updated README from Meketa, re: SOAP

README.md, after:

# sfmc-postman
SFMC = Salesforce Marketing Cloud

The files in this repository are to be leveraged with the Google Chrome application Postman. Postman can be installed from here: [http://www.getpostman.com/]()

Below are the current file descriptions.

- **SFMC.json.postman_collection**: This file needs to be imported into Postman. It hosts the actual REST and SOAP calls to the SFMC API.
- **globals.postman_globals**: This file needs to be imported into Postman. It contains the global environment variables needed to setup REST API calls. You should add variables in here that apply to all sub-environments/profiles.
- **useraccount.postman_environment**: This file needs to be imported into Postman. It contains environment variables specific to each individual SFMC account you want to access. You can clone to setup multiple SFMC accounts as needed.

### REST API Requirements
To run the REST API calls you will need to fill out at least the clientID and clientSecret variables within the userAccount environment. 

> * You must call the Auth/RequestToken REST API to get a 60 minute accessToken before making subsequent calls.

### SOAP API Requirements
You will need to fill out the soapEndPoint variable plus at least one of the following sets of variables:

- For Username/Password (WS-Security) calls soapUsername and soapPassword.
- For Token (OAuth) calls clientID and clientSecret.

> * You must call the Auth/RequestToken REST API to get a 60 minute accessToken before making subsequent token based SOAP API calls.

### Additional Resources
- CODE@ App Center for creating clientId and clientSecret per SFMC business unit is here: [https://appcenter-auth.exacttargetapps.com/]()
- SOAP API end point information here: [http://help.exacttarget.com/en/technical_library/web_service_guide/working_with_soap_web_service_api/]()
- SOAP API code samples here: [http://help.exacttarget.com/en/technical_library/web_service_guide/technical_articles/]()
